README.md, before:

# FlowAgility streaming Demo

## Setup

1. clone repo
2. run `npm install`
3. open `js/main.js` and add the websocket url on line 6
4. run `npm run dev` to start dev server
5. open 'http://localhost:1234/' in the browser make sure to set the browser size to 1280px x 720px

## Demo

When you have connected to the websocket from Flowagility you can use the keyboard to change views.

- Press `s` to start the video overlay - this will display data coming from flow
- Press `r` to display results when they are available. If not available this does nothing
- Press `h` to hide all UI elements

## Features

On message from server:

- check if there is no `run`, but there is a `run_ready` - update UI using `run_ready`:
- 1. When SO of the first run for the date/ring is set

- if `run` exists and `status_string` is `running`, update UI to use `run`:
- 3. When first playset is getting the first Fault
- 4. When first playset is getting the Refusal
- 4. When first playset is disqualified by the Judge
- 8. When 2nd run-pair 1st playset got first Fault

- if `run` exists and `status_string` is `calculated`, keep the run results on the screen for 5 seconds, then use the next round:
- 5. When first playset is submitted with 2F and 1R and time of 23.56
- 6. When second playset of the 2-playsets run (1st run-pair - without combined results) is submitted
- 7. When the 2nd run-pair SO is set (run-ready information is showing the run which is ready to start)
- 9. When 2nd run-pair 1st playset is submitted

## Todos

- [] build demo page which runs through all 10 jsons

## Build

`npm run build` will create a dist folder than can be deployed

Commit message:

Feat/add sponsorts (#1)
* add rialp sponsors

* feat: add sponsors

README.md, after:

# FlowAgility streaming Demo

## Setup

1. clone repo
2. run `npm install`
3. open `js/main.js` and add the websocket url on line 6
4. run `npm run dev` to start dev server
5. open 'http://localhost:1234/' in the browser make sure to set the browser size to 1280px x 720px

## Demo

When you have connected to the websocket from Flowagility you can use the keyboard to change views.

- Press `s` to start the video overlay - this will display data coming from flow
- Press `r` to display results when they are available. If not available this does nothing
- Press `h` to hide all UI elements

## Sponsors

Sponsors logos can be displayed in the top right corner. The logos should be max 150px wide. For best results make sure all logos have the same dimensions (150x75px is a good size). To display sponsors make sure you uncomment the code in index.html

- [Sponsors on result view](/DEMO/result/sponsor-result.png)
- [Sponsors on run view](/DEMO/run/sponsor-run.png)

You can place the images in `/img/sponsors` folder and update the image names/paths accordingly.

## Logic

On message from server:

- check if there is no `run`, but there is a `run_ready` - update UI using `run_ready`:
- 1. When SO of the first run for the date/ring is set

- if `run` exists and `status_string` is `running`, update UI to use `run`:
- 3. When first playset is getting the first Fault
- 4. When first playset is getting the Refusal
- 4. When first playset is disqualified by the Judge
- 8. When 2nd run-pair 1st playset got first Fault

- if `run` exists and `status_string` is `calculated`, keep the run results on the screen for 5 seconds, then use the next round:
- 5. When first playset is submitted with 2F and 1R and time of 23.56
- 6. When second playset of the 2-playsets run (1st run-pair - without combined results) is submitted
- 7. When the 2nd run-pair SO is set (run-ready information is showing the run which is ready to start)
- 9. When 2nd run-pair 1st playset is submitted

## Todos

- [] build demo page which runs through all 10 jsons

## Build

`npm run build` will create a dist folder than can be deployed
